This is the README file for the btg spatial prediction program.

To install, your system must have
	UNIX compatible OS
	g++ and gcc
	Tcl/Tk

To install binaries for your system, go to the btg013 subdirectory where
this README file is found and type

make

at the Unix prompt.  The make program will compile a binary for your
system, and then will prompt you for the location to install the text
engine program files (btg and tkbtg)  and the online help file
(btghelp.txt).  Please make sure that the directory used is appropriate
for your setup; the installation script cannot copy files to a directory
that does not exist!

If you have a Digital Alpha with the extended math libraries, or a Sun
machine (SunOS 5) with the Sun performance libraries for the LAPACK and
BLAS routines, you may want to do "make install-alphaperf" or
"make install-sunperf" to use the optimized binaries for your platform
included with the program.

To run the tkbtg program, change to the installation directory and type

tkbtg

at the Unix prompt.

By default, tkbtg will look for data files in a directory called
~/btg_data.  If you wish to use another directory, create a file called
.btgrc in your home directory containing the line

set btg_data ~/MyDataPath

where ~/MyDataPath should be replaced by the name of the data directory.

-------------------------------------------------------

For advanced users:

To compile optimized binaries for your system, modify the Makefile in the
src subdirectory to fit your configuration.  Note that you must link in
the LAPACK and BLAS routines.  Those routines used by the program are
included in the lapack subdirectory (taken from the CLAPACK source at
Netlib (http://www.netlib.org/)).  The program has been compiled using the
Sun CC/cc compilers and Digital cxx/cc compilers, so it is not strictly
necessary to use the GNU compilers.  Once you have a binary for the
btg program, modify the beginning of the tkbtg script to reflect your
installation preferences, and move the btg, tkbtg, and btghelp.txt files
to wherever you intend to install them.
